Did you force yourself when you signed this?
Since I didn't force you
What are you doing here?
Sold all sold
What does the price increase have to do with you?
Go, go, don't make noise here
Okay, Nian, you have the guts to wait for me
We're not done with this
Wait
Deputy Chief Yang
Thanks.
There are really people who are willing to pay a high price for that Huangshan Mountain
Can this be fake?
This guy is sitting in the brigade
As long as you get to the area
It will be advanced soon.
Why don't you hurry up?
The village chief, I would like to ask
How much can that person pay?
Eight thousand what eight thousand?
Optimistic about 80,000
Eighty thousand is so much.
That broken mountain can be sold for so much money
Didn't you say it all?
People are in the brigade
All the money is brought
Is it true?
You take the enemy plane and go over and take a look
Don't you know?
80,000
The price is similar to the previous life.
Uncle Dad, let's go see
Let's go, feel it coming